Fighter
Perhaps the most diverse class of characters in the worlds of Dungeons &
Dragons: Questing knights,conquering overlords, royal champions, elite foot
soldiers, hardened mercenaries, and bandit kings—as fighters, they all share
an unparalleled mastery with weapons and armor, and a thorough knowledge of
the skills of combat. Some fighters feel drawn to use their training as
adventurers. The dungeon delving, monster slaying, and other dangerous work
common among adventurers is second nature for a fighter, not all that different
from the life he or she left behind. Fighters learn the basics of all combat
styles. Every fighter can swing an axe, fence with a rapier, wield a longsword,
greatsword, or bow, and even trap foes in nets with some degree of skill.
Likewise, a fighter is adept with shields and every form of armor. Some
concentrate on archery, some on fighting with two weapons at once, and some on
augmenting their martial skills with magic. This combination of broad general
ability and extensive specialization makes fighters superior combatants on
battlefields and in dungeons alike.

Rogue
Every town and city has its share of rogues. Most of them live up to the
worst stereotypes of the class, making a living as burglars, assassins,
cutpurses, and con artists. Often, these scoundrels are organized into a
thieves guild or crime family. Plenty of rogues operate independently,
but even they sometimes recruit apprentices to help them in their scams
and heists. A few rogues make an honest living as locksmiths, investigators,
or exterminators, which can be a dangerous job in a world where dire rats 
haunt the sewers. As adventurers, rogues fall on both sides of the law.
Some are hardened criminals who decide to seek their fortune in treasure
hoards, while others enter a life of adventure to escape from the law.
Others have learned and perfected their skills with the explicit purpose
of infiltrating ancient ruins and hidden crypts in search of treasure.
Many rogues focus on stealth and deception, while others refine the skills
that help them in a dungeon environment, such as climbing, finding and
disarming traps, and opening locks. When it comes to combat, rogues
prioritize skill over brute strength. They have an almost supernatural
knack for avoiding danger, and a few rogues learn magical tricks to
supplement their other abilities.

Wizard
Wizards are supreme magic-users, defined and united as a class by the
spells they cast. Their magic conjures elementals from other planes of
existence, glimpses the future, or turns slain foes into shambling zombies.
Their mightiest spells change one substance into another or alter a
creatures form, open pathways to other planes of existence, or even kill
with a single word. Wild and enigmatic, varied in form and function, the power
of magic draws students who seek to master its mysteries. Some aspire to
become like the gods, shaping reality itself. Though the casting of a typical
spell requires merely the utterance of a few strange words, fleeting gestures,
and sometimes a pinch or clump of exotic materials, these surface components
barely hint at the expertise attained after years of apprenticeship and
countless hours of study. Wizards live and die by their spells.
Everything else is secondary. They learn new spells as they experiment and
grow in experience. They can also learn them from other wizards, from ancient
tomes or inscriptions, and from ancient creatures.

Starts with 3 Cantrips and 2 spells of your choosing.

Cleric
When a cleric takes up an adventuring life, it is usually because his or her
god demands it. Many clerics are expected to help and protect their deities
worshipers, which can mean fighting orcs that threaten a village, negotiating
peace between warring nations, or sealing a portal that would allow a demon to
enter the world. Most adventuring clerics maintain some connection to 
established temples and orders of their faiths, and those connections sometimes
lead them into adventures as well. Divine magic, as the name suggests, is the
power of the gods, flowing from them into the world. Clerics are conduits for
that power, manifesting it as miraculous effects. The gods don’t grant this
power lightly or to everyone who seeks it, but only to those they choose to
fulfill a high calling. The ability to cast cleric spells relies on devotion 
and an intuitive understanding of a deitys wishes. Clerics combine the helpful
magic of healing and inspiring their allies with spells that harm and hinder
foes.They can inspire awe and dread, lay curses of plague or poison, and even
call down flames from heaven to consume their enemies. Clerics also dont
neglect combat training and can wade into a melee at any time.

Starts with 3 Cantrips and 2 holy spells of your choosing.